Please do not scare hey it's me
I just show you a little today
get ready and we start with the
lips so to care for the lips and
I like to use the
eos lip balm i have had i
actually every day and I'm a little one
look for her
and after that I use patrice's
fotofinish foundation because the series
stuck and of course the whole day keeps
very much
b
islam with futures
in the way
you more
if I have applied that for when
I very much like the berlin izt
a loose brother around the whole
fix and wear longer lasting
yay
with shield
rainfall and
and in connection I take from my
love the pet bottle range
browser and material
with it my face
with news.de
I
until they think
Now it's time for the eyebrows
use one for this
eyes and writing that's the word
and feel my eyebrows out of me
I think he was really good
It is very fine and you actually have it yourself
Active can work with it
then I use from meg 1
ford in the color panther the
and give it like a kind of credit card
on my eyes not open and I think
it makes even skin picture
after i use max factor yes me
knows sorry it is max factor it is
not media company
Yes
he agrees with the gang
This look is kept relatively good
that affects the eyes so much
is atypical
why not something else
and then suddenly the field again
Bottle palette
the
then I take a pen umrandung
for the lips of arabesque that is so
a flame tom and I know first sees
awful but with the lipsticks
will later apply exits must have the
his
and I use market rebels today
i very much love i know you know it
and yes he has to be really precise
be applied
take your time for it, of course, in the
lips brush to help
and then I work out properly
here again with the contralto foundation
about that
and then I use of the merck
balloon value of approx
and then blinded the whole thing with mine
Sigfusson
and now in the hair
knowledge
that was the hand
I do my hand too
have
charlotte movie not named for the
on whole
below I turn with mine
simply flattens
videos
something on my channel
and then of course with hairspray
I would not fix that whole thing
smother
and yes maybe the nails are then
I would say
i have a dream i would say
chosen by quito
and i just like the kiko nail polish
Great because they are very cover
and weighed well on trot
this is the result
and yes you often could also, of course,
I do not stay that way because of that
quickly moved and my outfit too
I spiced up a little with accessories
have earrings from bijou brigitte here
chosen
and yes that's my finished outfit
thank you for seeing
news